PipelineRun with embedded pipelineSpec and taskSpec (#166)
kubeflow/kfp-tekton: sdk/README.md

  - [How to use the KFP-Tekton Compiler](#how-to-use-the-kfp-tekton-compiler)
  - [Build Tekton from Master](#build-tekton-from-master)
  - [Additional Features](#additional-features)

>     - [1. TODO: remove/restructure: Compile Kubeflow Pipelines as a Tekton PipelineRun](#1-compile-kubeflow-pipelines-as-a-tekton-pipelinerun)

Reviewer: TODO: remove/restructure: 
you want to address this?

## Additional Features

> ### 1. TODO: remove/reword: Compile Kubeflow Pipelines as a Tekton PipelineRun

Reviewer: TODO: remove/reword: 

probably address now?

By default, a Tekton [`PipelineRun`](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/master/docs/pipelineruns.md#overview)
is generated by the `tkn` CLI so that users can interactively change their pipeline parameters during each execution.
However, `tkn` CLI is lagging several important features when generating `PipelineRun`.

The comparison between Tekton pipeline and Argo workflow is described in our 
[design docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oXOdiItI4GbEe_qzyBmMAqfLBjfYX1nM94WHY3EPa94/edit#heading=h.f38y0bqkxo87).

> The `kfp-tekton` compiler is now generating a `PipelineRun` when using `dsl-compile-tekton`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kfp-tekton` compiler generates a `PipelineRun` when using `dsl-compile-tekton`.
```

[Here](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/master/docs/pipelineruns.md) is the list of supported features in `PipelineRun`.

As of today, the following `PipelineRun` features are available within `dsl-compile-tekton`:
 - Affinity
 - Node Selector

>  - Tolerations

Reviewer: is this still relevant @Tomcli ?
